# PowerBI Hospitality Domain #
**Provide Insights to the Revenue Team in the Hospitality Domain**

**Overview:** 
AtliQ Grands owns multiple five-star hotels across India. They have been in the hospitality industry for the past 20 years. Due to strategic moves from other competitors and ineffective decision-making in management, AtliQ Grands are losing its market share and revenue in the luxury/business hotels category. As a strategic move, the managing director of AtliQ Grands wanted to incorporate “Business and Data Intelligence” to regain their market share and revenue. However, they do not have an in-house data analytics team to provide them with these insights.

Their revenue management team had decided to hire a 3rd party service provider to provide them with insights from their historical data.I have implemented data analytics using Power BI to empower AtliQ Grands with the ability to make data-driven decisions, surpass competitors in the market, and drive growth in various aspects like Market Share & Revenue.


**Business problem:**

AtliQ Grands is the proud owner of numerous opulent hotels throughout India. Yet, AtliQ Grands is experiencing a decline in market share and revenue within the luxurious/business hotel sector. As a data analyst, I figure out the key problem of declining revenue using data analytics.


**Key Performance Metrics:**

**Revenue:**  Measure the total revenue generated by AtliQ Grands.

**Realization Percentage:**  Calculate the percentage of actual revenue compared to the potential revenue.

**Occupancy Percentage:** Analyze the percentage of occupied rooms relative to the total available rooms.

**Average Daily Revenue:**  Determine the average revenue earned per day.

**Daily Booked Rooms per Night:** Track the number of rooms booked daily.

**Average Rating:** Evaluate the average customer rating for the hotels.



